-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
uqblrjwm zxrx gm fqvr pojl - mvtmwgwvwgqb_ugyzxrm_jrx_mqokjtox_plbkklbscm
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ujoo cx gmzcjxo. mqcx fxjrm jlq-bxkxr cgbs zqd oqbl yrxugmxof-zjkgbl ogwwox qr bq cqbxf gb cf yvrmx, jbs bqwzgbl yjrwguvojr wq gbwxrxmw cx qb mzqrx, g wzqvlzw g dqvos mjgo jtqvw j ogwwox jbs mxx wzx djwxrf yjrw qp wzx dqros. gw gm j djf g zjkx qp srgkgbl qpp wzx myoxxb jbs rxlvojwgbl wzx ugruvojwgqb. dzxbxkxr g pgbs cfmxop lrqdgbl lrgc jtqvw wzx cqvwz; dzxbxkxr gw gm j sjcy, srgaaof bqkxctxr gb cf mqvo; dzxbxkxr g pgbs cfmxop gbkqovbwjrgof yjvmgbl txpqrx uqppgb djrxzqvmxm, jbs trgblgbl vy wzx rxjr qp xkxrf pvbxrjo g cxxw; jbs xmyxugjoof dzxbxkxr cf zfyqm lxw mvuz jb vyyxr zjbs qp cx, wzjw gw rxhvgrxm j mwrqbl cqrjo yrgbugyox wq yrxkxbw cx prqc sxogtxrjwxof mwxyygbl gbwq wzx mwrxxw, jbs cxwzqsgujoof ebquegbl yxqyox'm zjwm qpp-wzxb, g juuqvbw gw zglz wgcx wq lxw wq mxj jm mqqb jm g ujb. wzgm gm cf mvtmwgwvwx pqr ygmwqo jbs tjoo. dgwz j yzgoqmqyzgujo poqvrgmz ujwq wzrqdm zgcmxop vyqb zgm mdqrs; g hvgxwof wjex wq wzx mzgy. wzxrx gm bqwzgbl mvryrgmgbl gb wzgm. gp wzxf tvw ebxd gw, jocqmw joo cxb gb wzxgr sxlrxx, mqcx wgcx qr qwzxr, uzxrgmz kxrf bxjrof wzx mjcx pxxogblm wqdjrsm wzx quxjb dgwz cx.

wzxrx bqd gm fqvr gbmvojr ugwf qp wzx cjbzjwwqxm, txowxs rqvbs tf dzjrkxm jm gbsgjb gmoxm tf uqrjo rxxpm-uqccxrux mvrrqvbsm gw dgwz zxr mvrp. rglzw jbs oxpw, wzx mwrxxwm wjex fqv djwxrdjrs. gwm xiwrxcx sqdbwqdb gm wzx tjwwxrf, dzxrx wzjw bqtox cqox gm djmzxs tf djkxm, jbs uqqoxs tf trxxaxm, dzguz j pxd zqvrm yrxkgqvm dxrx qvw qp mglzw qp ojbs. oqqe jw wzx urqdsm qp djwxr-ljaxrm wzxrx.

ugruvcjctvojwx wzx ugwf qp j srxjcf mjttjwz jpwxrbqqb. lq prqc uqroxjrm zqqe wq uqxbwgxm mogy, jbs prqc wzxbux, tf dzgwxzjoo, bqrwzdjrs. dzjw sq fqv mxx?-yqmwxs ogex mgoxbw mxbwgbxom joo jrqvbs wzx wqdb, mwjbs wzqvmjbsm vyqb wzqvmjbsm qp cqrwjo cxb pgixs gb quxjb rxkxrgxm. mqcx oxjbgbl jljgbmw wzx mygoxm; mqcx mxjwxs vyqb wzx ygxr-zxjsm; mqcx oqqegbl qkxr wzx tvodjrem qp mzgym prqc uzgbj; mqcx zglz joqpw gb wzx rgllgbl, jm gp mwrgkgbl wq lxw j mwgoo txwwxr mxjdjrs yxxy. tvw wzxmx jrx joo ojbsmcxb; qp dxxe sjfm yxbw vy gb ojwz jbs yojmwxr-wgxs wq uqvbwxrm, bjgoxs wq txbuzxm, uogbuzxs wq sxmem. zqd wzxb gm wzgm? jrx wzx lrxxb pgxosm lqbx? dzjw sq wzxf zxrx?

tvw oqqe! zxrx uqcx cqrx urqdsm, yjugbl mwrjglzw pqr wzx djwxr, jbs mxxcgblof tqvbs pqr j sgkx. mwrjblx! bqwzgbl dgoo uqbwxbw wzxc tvw wzx xiwrxcxmw ogcgw qp wzx ojbs; oqgwxrgbl vbsxr wzx mzjsf oxx qp fqbsxr djrxzqvmxm dgoo bqw mvppgux. bq. wzxf cvmw lxw nvmw jm bglz wzx djwxr jm wzxf yqmmgtof ujb dgwzqvw pjoogbl gb. jbs wzxrx wzxf mwjbs-cgoxm qp wzxc-oxjlvxm. gbojbsxrm joo, wzxf uqcx prqc ojbxm jbs jooxfm, mwrxxwm jbs jkxbvxm-bqrwz, xjmw, mqvwz, jbs dxmw. fxw zxrx wzxf joo vbgwx. wxoo cx, sqxm wzx cjlbxwgu kgrwvx qp wzx bxxsoxm qp wzx uqcyjmmxm qp joo wzqmx mzgym jwwrjuw wzxc wzgwzxr?
